https://www.raspberrypi.org/forums/viewtopic.php?t=256349   wifi  
sudo sysctl -w net.ipv6.conf.all.disable_ipv6=1
to /etc/rc.local and it did the trick

--------------TODO-------------
add splash screen  ok (maybe custom) - select 
add error for other function (Error types to display on screen)  IN progress (Package net.piclock.server - continue on)
add daily log file creation.. a log for each day
THEME ICONS and TEXT customizition
- Add status screen for next updates, cpu heat, wifi status.. etc!!
finish alarm html page
create script for installation.
Finish label colors when night/day refresh
loop mp3 whenplaying.
todo.. add auto update

PiOffical touch:
	Implement timing and GAIN into the TSL2591. The CPP has already the logic for it.
	SI4703 add seek up/down
	
Press the button once at night to turn the screen on (delay 30 sec) press it again to turn it back off.

There was in the arduino serial an instance that I recieved a string with <a1><l123>  meaning button was pressed and ldr was 123.. 
display next alarm time under the clock if activated

----- IN PROGRESS -------------
		
Test ligh sensor new .
--------------TEST------------

Test MP3 and alarm with Mp3. Test timeout or when problem playing mp3. test mp3 in alarm if it does not work. Rever tto buzzer
Test add new web page for backgrounds. In progress
-Screen return to main screen after 2 min.

when weather error, try it again 3 times before generating an error.. (pause and then try);  
add network test to reconnect in case of network down.

-----------DONE test----------
Add limited access also to  web page for wifi passwords.
test new volume option
TEST new CLASSES with hardware config , deploy new user_pref  .. don't forget to copy the current one.
Test password box to access settings
Add parental control to settings.  --> add new user.cfg and theme.xml
split piHandler that it know if using the Pi 7 inch screen or the hyperpixel screen with arduino.  //IN PROGRESS
Test LDRThread with new values..
	In Device handler, return dark when 0 is return for the arduino command.
	Test to add calibration to light level..
	Test tsl2951. Change Lux in CPP from int to float. Added changes from adafruit.Change filename from c to cpp.
	Test radio modification. Removed constructor and added a begin (int , int). recompile - retest.
Create a java Pi4J to test on the pi4
add 7 alarms instated of 5 in alarms.
define volume icon in radio and have muted icon working
Test config keyboard
(TEST RADIO ALARM) Volume alarm radio not being set to ALARM..???  - Volume oiption not being sent to buzzer.. added new option in config to set a property.. continue for RadioView and Main
Config Refresh!!!!!
Test Radio on/off function and long term functions
Update LDR worker with new ENUM and test new code for Clock
add sunrise sunset code to change background even if screen is on.. this will reflect the times of days.
alarm , save when updating days of the week.--NOPE  _RE TEST
add shutdown for radio.
color code alarm button to define if active or not (Green for active , red for inactive)
re-order icons on the left to have the wifi always at the top.
test volume location
finish background html page. 
concurrentmodificationexception: When turning off the alarm by button press, we send the mesage to turn off the alarm. Since we already registeres the mp3 and radio stream error and no error happend, we remove them. But by the action of removing them we modify the map that the send message is already on and this cause a concurrent modification exception.
Test alarm buttons / add new multiple alarm.
make radio screen go back to main screen after 2 minutes.
test alarm icon to see if appear or disapear when any alarm are active.
for weather, make whole panel at the top clickable.
increase wifi timeout to 5 min.
Test new radio in alarm and radio volume in buzzer option
Test day of the week in alarm for border color between night and day
*** *** add function to turn off display when the checkbox in settings is re-enabled. (To turn off monitor when dark). Scenario: user checlk off the checkbox. then when night, check it on again. Then the scheen should shut down and the time display should turn on
test radio functionality. still testing
play next mp3 when 1st one is finished. 
Add util to remove radios from JList. Also test radio and MP3 toggle
 if wifi is off and dark and in the config decide to change to on, turn on wifi then
add checkbox to turn off wifi at night ,this will complement the auto shutdown.(Config screen). have both option to only turn off screen and not wifi or tun off screen and wifi.
cannot re-enable wifi after unchecked in the setting when WIFI is off.. Need to be able to re-enable it in config when in night.
test to see if the weatherforecastview is painted when night (YES)
 Volume lable default appear on top for the slider value
add percent for volume (UI).(new popup slider)
 Test volume disaperring
todo , when alarm turn on .. shut off screen in 1 minute instated of 20 seconds..(tHINKING ABOUT IT)
add auto start.   ok  - implement based on link 
use scroll.java instated of dragscrolllistener in weather alert and error view.
resized icond ( copy icons)
 LDR workser, initialise the CYCLE to a valid value and not NONE.
errorview: counter is backward and time is not appearing on the date
darksky - complete icons and correct forecast (some of the previous forecast is there0)
TODOOOOO (We do NOTT) --> verify that we do not override the auto shutdown screen check box in the config.. The autoshutdown method is called without checking the config checkbox (isAutoOffScreen). This can cause the screen to shutdown even if we did not check the checkbox in the config panel (set to false).
warning icon up to 48 instated of 32 (size)
add volume icon on radio, test with refresh on theme also - ICON disapering 
Problem when radio is playing in alarm and wifi shutdown after 3 minutes. The radio shutdown and the buzzer turn on (as expected). keep the wifi on if the alarm is on and the radio is playing.
in UI- Will determin how long will it take for the alarm sound to shut down - in buzzer option panel add new number spinner. Add in database (Done) and on UI.
add new warning icon when error occurs .. when clicking on it , display brief report of the error.(Main Screen)
add option for buzzer(radio, mp3, buzzer) auto shutdown timer in alarm(Move code)
add error system for weather and other components.   -  Test
finish alarm timer shutdown in buzzer option. make sure that the autoshutdown thread kill itself.
radio playing when buzzer turn on.. shut down radio and play buzzer(Maybe done --- TEST)
correct Clock not in sync with system. //verify again
Test sensor data
only load registered themes in xml. If not found, use the sunny background theme = test
find background for each themes
Scrolling in the weather view does not work very well with touch but works well with mouse !!!>>>?????
test night background. Copy img over and theme.xml
test weather forecast view with scrolling and theme text refresh. (night or day)
add start of alarm thread on startup if an alarm is active. Test if alarm start up on boot.
When turning on alarm with radio, verify that it's working by testing the happy message response. done
bug --- test why send message is firying 3 times when only registered 2 times.. GOOD
add backspace to keyboard. Test
add text on the Radio View UI to say that's it's playing (like: now playing !!!
When changing provider , refresh weather..
test when radio is playing and the network shut down.. shut down radio and turn off icons (volume radio).. shut shown radio also.
test also that if radio is playing and alarm shut down raadio.. remove icons and resetr
outside temp is empty when refreshing weather.. FIXED
test wifi modification on web - finish implementing it with pi handler - Test  ------> 1st add password
RADIO - update to process..!!!!!! see radioview - exception - just swallow it :)
test message change listener when turn off alarm for multiple alarms. !!!!!!!!!!!!! todo , to test add an other listener in an other class to see if it will be fired also, you just want the class registered with the property to fire. !!!!!!!!!!
test when no radio station is present.
Alarm radio / buzzer - Added load of radio in alarm.java to load the track for the alarm. 
have mp3 and radio contold the volume.. TEST
Test new therad for alarm auto shutdown with radio and buzzer.
ADD auto shutdown thread in the alarm monitor button sice it will have acces sto all the button class functions. ******  DONE need tottes
test radio   -- SwingUtilities.invokeLater
add muted option  -- TEST .. add theme.xml and icons
re-create table for alarm to add radio int and mp3 int
test radio alarm buzzer option. And radio wake up alarm
test settings on connect and refresh -- SwingUtilities.invokeLater
volume muted text
Last selected value for the Radio checkbox.. check if javascript is populated / also check the html div.
add timer to shutdown the alarm automatically.
WIFI -- when starting we recieve a END_DISCONNECT when we are expecting a starting.. this throws off the java script and generate error.  See TODO  -- TEST -- when we are disconnected, we can't ping the server anymore
	
	mpc play 1   --> play 1st track
	mpc del 1    ---> del 1st track
	mpc add http://live.leanstream.co/CKQBFM   --> add stream
	amixer -c 1 set Speaker 49%  --> volume  other userful amixer scontrols
	
